#summary News items that dropped of the main page

== 27.01.2011 ==

Added the page FeaturedScriptRevitUtil, which describes the `revitutil` module that I hope to build up as the standard RevitPythonShell library of useful functions.

== 26.01.2011 ==

I uploaded a new installer that includes the InitScript and an editor (check the Configure Commands dialog) for this feature.

I am removing the Revit 2010 stuff from the list of featured downloads - you can still find them in the downloads section, but it is time to move on already!

== 16.11.2010 ==

I uploaded a new installer that works on both x86 and x64.

== 15.07.2010 ==

Finally got an installer for the new version working: RevitPythonShell is now being built for *Autodesk Revit 2011*! I have tested the new installer on my Windows 7 x64 machine and *it works for me*.

Special thanks to Jason Schaeffer (joespiff) for helping out with the port!

Please report any problems you may have. Also, if you need an x86 version, get in contact with me (via the [http://groups.google.com/group/RevitPythonShell newsgroup]) and volunteer to maintain such an installer...

I added a *goodie* this time: A dialog for configuring the XML configuration file, so you can now add scripts, search paths and variables without getting your hands mucky in arcane folders etc.

== 23.03.2010 ==

Revision 66 includes canned commands in the Revit RibbonPanel on startup.

== 19.03.2010 ==

Started a news group for discussing RevitPythonShell: http://groups.google.com/group/revitpythonshell

I'd like to hear from you. Does the plugin work? Does it help? What needs to be done?

Also, just add stuff to the issue tracker! I periodically check for new issues.

== 09.03.2010 ==

Added installers for Revision 55, which includes the IronTextBox control as well as predefined user variables in the {{{__vars__}} variable. Also added access to {{{IExternalCommand.Execute}}} parameters for bridging to dynamically loaded assemblies. Blog post explaining technique will follow shortly.

== 05.03.2010 ==

* Changed license to MIT license so I can incorporate the [http://www.codeproject.com/KB/edit/irontextbox2.aspx IronTextBox] control.